Hi,
I'm Joseph Labreck,
currently an assistant teaching professor with the University of Colorado Boulder.
I'm also an Adobe education leader,
community expert and longtime author of books and video
courses focused on Adobe creative design software and related
topics.
I'm excited to be designing a course for fast learner focused on the generative A I
features integrated within Photoshop and illustrator.
Adobe's been integrating Generative A I features into their products since the
introduction of their Firefly Generative A I Services in 2023.
Since that time,
many of the new powerful features being brought to flagship design applications
have been built around and are driven by these A I services.
In my course,
you'll learn how to leverage a number of these features in both Adobe Photoshop and
Adobe illustrator.
As with all things A I industry demand for such skills is at an all time high
though a lot of the learning material around jit of A I isn't as focused on more
traditional design workflows and software.
One of the aims of this course is to remedy that.
Thank you.